I learned a lot from Programming language Part A. As time goes by, online courses have become more and more important in our daily lives. For students who could hardly obtain the chances to get access to specific series courses like Introduction to machine learning or those who are tired campus classes' low quality, online courses offered by top universities around the world via coursera are no doubt a great treasure. Despite the high quality of the all kinds of online courses, the corresponding fee requested for participating these curriculum are related unaffordable for students who has been living in mainland China and get no financial support except modicum money from home. Under these conditions, the financial aid offered by official coursera is especially precious. What's more, the coursera courses that I have already taken really helps me a lot during my campus life. This time,I would like to keep on applying for this series of classes. I guarantee the independence while completing these courses, to ensure that all academic tasks are independently finished by myself. I have finished Programming language Part A and obtained certification and I want to learn Part B!


The full name of the this course is 'Programming language: Part C', which belongs to a specific series of courses called computer science. As the name of the courses suggest, it is a series of courses opened for those who would like to know more about the secret of programming language. As I am an college student major in computer science, it is not that difficult for me to handle those coding works. What makes machine learning complex is those computer techniques behind the surface. Fortunately, I found these courses in the course which exactly fits me. Though having studied programming language in college and Part A on coursera, the series of courses still shows its necessity. For one thing, years have passed after I have taken these courses in the first year in college and taking part in these courses might fit just right for me to review all the knowledge that I have forgotten. Besides, the courses opened by the University of Washington could also play a significant role in leading me further in the field of programming language. It definitely will help me in improving myself in the career of data science and make it a lot easier for me the dig into the profound domain of computer science and technique.


